# Compo 3 Report
 
   My goals for the transition from Compo 2 to Compo 3 were to create a more polished auditory composition, add some refining details visually, and connect more visual elements to audio feedback. I believe I accomplished these goals and more through my research and exploration of Unity functions. 
   Firstly, for the sound elements, I implemented an ambient backing track that begins playing at the start of the script. The volume of the track is automated through a sine wave oscillator at 0.5 Hz with compression and offset applied. I also changed the sound effect used for the shooting stars to a noisier sound, implementing three different pitched versions of it.
   My second goal was to refine the visual elements in several specific ways. Firstly, I wanted to add a glow effect to the shooting stars. I ended up implementing this using the Bloom effect, which I liked so much that I decided to apply it to the other objects, as well, to give the scene more natural lighting. Second, I hoped to map the night sky texture onto a cubemap, allowing for greater flexibility with camera movement and maximized immersion into the 3-D scene. Lastly, I hoped to refine the material for the twinkling stars, as their movement was previously awkward, and the black background of the texture was visible. I ended up creating a customized visual effect using particles to address this issue.
   In terms of connection of visual and audio elements, I first scripted the main camera to move back and forth on the Z-axis in accordance with the LFO controlling the amplitude, with the speed set to the derivative of the sine wave. The camera additionally rotates slowly about its z-axis over time. I also animated the moon to move in the opposite direction from the camera, emphasizing the depth of the scene and the movement of the camera. The effect created is as if the moon is producing the ambient sound, since it grows when we are near it and shrinks when we move away. Another cohesive aspect I added with the refined composition is the fact that the sound of the shooting stars corresponds with their size and speed. When a small/fast star falls, a higher-pitched sound plays, and when a large/slow star falls, a lower-pitched sound plays. 
